It's called the guitar.
The princess likes it
Let alone a musical instrument
Even if I give it all
Princess princess
You are fascinated.
The first round of competition ends here
Which genius wins?
Princess has her own decision
The second round of contempt is for the young masters and geniuses
Tibetan in poetry, calligraphy and painting
The princess asked the question herself
Please get ready
Count your life
What poetry, calligraphy and painting can you compare to?
The princess will definitely love me
Go back as soon as possible
Who gave you that confidence?
This round of princesses is ugly
Unlike musical instruments, which can be prepared in advance
You can't win.
The princess must be me
Are you worthy? It's really a little prince who likes to make a fool of himself
The second round of competition begins immediately
Ladies and gentlemen
Choose one of the forms of poetry, calligraphy and painting
Depict Princess Linglong
Reality a stick of incense